Add Scala and Kotlin examples (#1933)
valkey-io/valkey-glide: examples/scala/README.md

> # Run

Reviewer: Can you please add a note to the readme files that the examples are running version X, and to change it they need to change Y in file Z?

> Ensure that you have an instance of Valkey running on "localhost" on "6379". Otherwise, update StandaloneExample or ClusterExample with a configuration that matches your server settings.

Reviewer: Please fix it on java's example too:
```suggestion
Ensure that you have a server running on "localhost" on port "6379". To run the ClusterExample, make sure that the server has cluster mode enabled. If the server is running on a different host and/or port, update the StandaloneExample or ClusterExample with a configuration that matches your server settings.
```
